                 This is user manual
1.     Press the Backspace key to return to the
       previous menu.
       Press the Esc key in any menu to exit the
       program.
1.1.   Creating, deleting and searching menus don`t 
       support the Esc or Backspace keys.
1.1.1. Esc or Backspace keys are available in
       searching menu after pressing the Enter
       key.
1.1.2. Esc key isn`t available in editing menu.
       Backspace key is available in editing menu only
       in the moment of choosing the option of the menu 
       and after pressing the Enter key.


2.     Press the TAB or arrow down keys to select next
       option of the current menu.
       Press the arrow up key to select the previous
       option of the current menu.
2.1.   If you`re on top of the menu and press the arrow up
       key, program will select the last option of the
       menu.
       If you`re on bottom of the menu and press the TAB
       or arrow down keys, program will select the first
       option of the menu.

3.     Press the Enter key to choose the selected option
       of the menu.
3.1.   If you press the Enter key without selected option,
       it will do nothing.

4.     Press  the "C","D", or "S" keys in any menu to go
       to the special menu.
4.1.   Press the Enter key to confirm action in these
       menus.
4.2.   Pressing any of mentioned in section 4 keys inside
       of these menus will do nothing.
4.2.1. Pressing "C" or "D" inside of searching menu will open
       the menus these keys are referred to.
4.3.   Press the "C" key in any menu to open the menu that
       will add the contact.
4.1.1. Pressing the Enter key without any input or wrong
       input will insert corrected data.
4.4.   Press the "D" key in any menu to open the menu that
       will delete a contact.
4.4.1. Pressing the Enter key without any input or wrong
       input will insert corrected data.
4.5.   Press the "S" key in any menu to open the menu that
       will show a contacts by chosen tag.
4.5.1. Pressing the Enter key without any input or wrong
       input will show the empty menu. 

5.     Choosing the Contact option in the main menu will show 
       you the list of your contacts.

6.     Choosing the contact in your contacts list will show
       you the detailed information about the contact.
6.1.   Choosing the Edit key in the info menu will lead you
       to the editing menu.
6.1.1. After completing action in editing menu you can choose
       again or exit.  
 
      